[TCSACR-481] Add Tizen.Uix.Sticker guide (#1711)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/uix/overview.md

    You can create an IME (Input Method Editor) application that provides a customized keyboard for the user. You can show and hide the keyboard as needed, and offer a keyboard option menu to allow the user to manage the keyboard settings.

-   [Sticker](sticker.md)

>     You can provide sticker information to application that want to read the sticker information. You can also retrieve the sticker information stored by the provider application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can provide sticker information to applications that wants to read the sticker information. You can also retrieve the sticker information stored by the provider application.
```

Author: done
